---
layout: post
category: musings
---

A steady feeling of malcontent is beginning to emerge. Malaise and frustration. Perhaps disappointment in human interactions. Perhaps a self-loathing that is continually to set. Perhaps, merely just the sort of seasonal depression that one speaks of living in the cold and cloudy days of the Pacific Northwest. Regardless, I've been feeling quite uneasy. A slight pange of pain trickles into my head. Yet I feel constant movement. A constant urge to pine and reach forward to. Frustration at a sort of inability to reach forward and further yet to reach forward to feel that it becomes unreceived and unreciprocated. It is all enough to allow myself to dissolve.

---

My escape has been cinema and literature -- the ways in which the written word and visual image has been framed to formulate a felt sensation. Yet these images are that -- mere images that refract bits and pieces of reality -- how we receive too goes to such a process. Reality is much more complex it seems...and yet even so more simple. It is not as exaggerated as the high soap dramas that are so etiquettely crafted and honed -- yet in our mind it feels so grandiose. Memories echo through, the reality so mundane and inconsequential, but I feel them so much more. Especially at night. The night brings the memories the most. Like a cold chill front that marches through -- it comes unexpectantly and so viciously...Keeping me laying in wake. What to do but drown it out with the infinite scroll of social media...How cliche. I do feel myself echoed into the mind of Prince Myshkin from Dostoevsky's *the Idiot* -- Every interaction I find myself into I cannot help but feel the sense of fraught attempts and when the genuineness springs through, how much regret I feel at my earnestness. And the amount of cringe and grief I feel when I try to feign smiles and interest....Not to say that I am uninterested but I find myself encapsulated and enclosed in these limitations. In these sort of frustrations that ya know it's probably better not to lay out the grand theories of human existence out to every person you interact with.  That's probably pretty jarring when a stranger begins the conversation about capital punishment, right, Myshkin? 

---

Which what lends back to cinema -- the silver screen! What a grand place! Going that early February...or was it March day to the AMC River East to see Drive My Car...It's something that I will forever hold fondly. I think it was that moment that my love for the *theater* re-emerged -- It was such a pleasant experience riding the L downtown and walking up to the mostly empty theater with my popcorn and soda to the masterful film of Drive My Car. There's nothing like it. Something that is so hard to emulate and re-create. Perhaps I am the only one that enjoys this such...? I know what a freak I must appear to be -- yet who cares? No judgments there! 

---

I am beginning to emerge out of this stasis of continuing holding thoughts within and observing the world as it is and now...To write it out! To articulate it forth! TO let the world know what I am feeling and thinking...Although the reality is I think it is more to just get my brain processing and to just allow myself to feel this experience without holding in any sort of regret and judgment about how it will be perceived.  In the same way that Ippolit wrote out in his Confession -- a sort of stream of consciousness about one's mortality that is marked with little to no editting.  What a fascinating component that was in that story. And I resonate with it so -- it felt so human. Especially how Dostoevsky follows up and shows the sort of sad and ironic happenings that occur after Ippolit reads his Confession to the group of drunken companions -- they neither care nor show concern about his threats to end his life. In fact, they mock him jeering him to do as he says! Ippolit who imagined how his Confession would bring about warmth and reassurances -- finds that reality is much more cruel. And how so resonating that is...How many times have I uttered something that I felt so compelled and filled with energy to exclaim -- sometimes breathless and without little ability to ennunciate, only to find that others look at me blankly saying... "Well that certainly was something..." or even worse ... "No, that's completely wrong." Of course, not everything pans out and maybe the point is that not everyone has to get it...I mean if I get it, isn't that all that matters? If it brings me solace and relieves me of the infinite sense of pain and suffering that is what counts...right?  

---

Yeah...I am desperately yearning companionship -- If I didn't why do I continue to redownload dating apps and try to converse out with people? Of course, I am gonna pause a bit because every moment I begin to think about *romancizing* someone I fear that I am gonna spiral into an abyss of *inceldom* and *Elliot Rodgers* and dear god, no one wants to come out looking like that (right?). Certainly the fears of appearing like a *sex pest* or *creeper* is something that emmanates within me and perhaps that is the constant thought that lingers in -- yet if to think that I would even appear as such! How would I even know? But better not to test the waters and find that it truly is such -- cause that would suck. And it has kinda happened in the past...not in any major unsettling way, but in anyway that would feel unsettling regardless. I read well by feel unsettled by it you are already a step ahead or having that self-awareness is good! Sure, but just having awareness also does not absolve of it all -- whether or not it is just my perception is meaningless if the other side feels it.  But then again , how would I know without any sort of acknowledgment? Idk, better not to proceed to that! It is draining in itself and I am slowly feel my energies wane just thinking about it! 

--- 

